
Screen A = SA

Screen B - SB

Screen C = SC

Screen D = SD



SA has a charging battery icon on the top right while SB does not have one. SA have a "Configure WiFi" button while SB does not and the space between "Settings" button and "Train again (practice only)" button is a bit larger or higher than the same button on SA.



SD has current date in the upper right corner of the screen while SC doesn't have one. On the upper right of the screen on SC it says "No pane" while in the same position on SD it says "No pain". The font size of the instructions on SC is much bigger than the font size of the instructions on SD. Also there is a missing whitespace on the instructions of the SC compared to SD. The description/meaning (text) of the number 10 on the lower right of the screen on SC is aligned right while on SD is aligned center. The Back and Next button on SC is proportionally aligned while on SD is not.



Programming Code A = PCA

Programming Code B = PCB



PCA has "Creation date of last" while PCB has "Creation date of third last" on both second line of the code. PCA has "Daily-Disease-Diary" variable while PCB has "Baseline_Disease-Diary" variable on the third line of the code. In PCA, if the time of the form of Daily Disease diary is equal to the current date using local time then it will show the last Daily Disease Diary or else it will show the Daily disease diary form. In PCB,  if the time of the form of Baseline Disease diary is not equal to the current date using local time then it will show the last Baseline Disease Diary or else it will show the Daily disease diary form. 



In PCA, if the creation date of last daily disease diary is equals the current date then it will have another condition and if it's true then it will show the last daily disease diary or else it will do two things: 1. It will set the variable TempCounter to 0 and 2. it will show the daily disease diary form.

In PCB, if the creation date of third last daily disease diary is equals to the current date then it will have another condition and it it's true then it will show the last Baseline_Disease-Diary or else it will do 2 things: 1. it will set the variable TempCounter to 1 and 2. it will show the daily disease diary form.



In PCA, if (Subject)Screened is not equals to 1 then it will have another condition that if the last baseline disease diary is not filled then it will show the baseline disease diary form.



In PCB,  if (Subject)Screened is not equals to 1 then it will have another condition that if the last baseline disease diary is filled then it will show the baseline disease diary form.
